

simulation time: 0
keyState: KeyInserted
engineOn: 0
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 0
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 1950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 0
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 0
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 0.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 1.2
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 1.44
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 1.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 1.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 2.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 2.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 2.64
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 2.88
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 3.12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 3.36
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 3.6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 3.84
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 4.08
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 4.32
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 2950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 4.56
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 4.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 5.04
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 5.28
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 5.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 5.76
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 6.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 6.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 6.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 6.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 7.2
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 7.44
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 7.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 7.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 8.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 8.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 8.64
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 8.88
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 9.12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 3950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 9.35999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 9.59999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 9.83999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 10.08
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 10.32
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 10.56
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 10.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 11.04
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 11.28
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 11.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 11.76
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 12.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 12.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 12.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 12.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 13.2
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 13.44
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 13.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 13.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 4950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 14.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 14.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 14.64
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 14.88
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 15.12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 15.36
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 15.6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 15.84
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 16.08
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 16.32
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 16.56
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 16.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 17.04
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 17.28
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 17.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 17.76
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 18
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 18.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 18.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 18.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 5950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 18.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 19.2
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 19.44
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 19.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 19.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 20.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 20.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 20.64
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 20.88
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 21.12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 21.36
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 21.6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 21.84
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 22.08
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 22.32
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 22.56
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 22.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 23.04
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 23.28
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 23.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 6950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 23.76
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 24.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 24.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 24.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 24.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 25.2
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 25.44
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 25.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 25.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 26.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 26.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 26.64
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 26.88
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 27.12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 27.36
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 27.6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 27.84
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 28.08
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 28.32
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 7950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 28.56
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 28.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 29.04
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 29.28
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 29.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 29.76
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 30
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 30.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 30.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 30.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 30.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 31.2
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 31.44
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 31.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 31.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 32.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 32.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 32.64
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 32.88
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 33.12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 8950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 33.36
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 33.6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 33.84
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 34.08
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 34.32
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 34.56
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 34.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 35.04
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 35.28
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 35.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 35.76
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 36
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 36.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 36.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 36.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 36.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 37.2
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 37.44
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 37.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 37.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 9950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 38.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 38.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 38.64
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 38.88
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 39.12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 39.36
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 39.6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 39.84
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 40.08
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 40.32
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 40.56
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 40.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 41.04
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 41.28
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 41.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 41.76
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 42
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 42.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 42.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 42.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 10950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 42.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 43.2001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 43.4401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 43.6801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 43.9201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 44.1601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 44.4001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 44.6401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 44.8801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 45.1201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 45.3601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 45.6001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 45.8401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 46.0801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 46.3201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 46.5601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 46.8001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 47.0401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 47.2801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 47.5201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 11950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 47.7601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 48.0001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 48.2401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 48.4801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 48.7201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 48.9601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 49.2001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 49.4401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 49.6801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 49.9201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 50.1601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 50.4001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 50.6401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 50.8801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 51.1201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 51.3601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 51.6001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 51.8401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 52.0801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 52.3201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 12950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 52.5601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 52.8001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 53.0401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 53.2801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 53.5201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 53.7601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 54.0001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 54.2401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 54.4801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 54.7201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 54.9601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 55.2001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 55.4401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 55.6801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 55.9201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 56.1601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 56.4001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 56.6401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 56.8801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 57.1201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 13950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 57.3601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 57.6002
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 57.8402
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 58.0802
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 58.3202
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 58.5602
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 58.8002
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 59.0402
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 59.2802
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 59.5202
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 59.7602
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 60.0002
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 60.2402
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 60.4802
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 60.7202
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 60.9602
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 61.2002
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 61.4402
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 61.6802
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 61.9202
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 14950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 62.1602
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 62.4002
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 62.6402
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 62.8802
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 63.1202
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 63.3602
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 63.6002
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 63.8402
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 64.0802
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 64.3202
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 64.5602
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 64.8002
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 65.0402
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 65.2802
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 65.5202
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 65.7602
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 66.0002
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 66.2402
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 66.4802
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 66.7202
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 15950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 66.9602
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 67.2002
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 67.4402
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 67.6802
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 67.9202
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 68.1602
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 68.4002
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 68.6402
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 68.8801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 69.1201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 69.3601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 69.6001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 69.8401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 70.0801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 70.3201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 70.5601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 70.8001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 71.0401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 71.2801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 71.5201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 16950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 71.7601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 72.0001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 72.2401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 72.4801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 72.7201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 72.9601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 73.2001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 73.4401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 73.6801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 73.9201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 74.1601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 74.4001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 74.6401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 74.8801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 75.1201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 75.3601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 75.6001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 75.8401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 76.0801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 76.3201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 17950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 76.5601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 76.8001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 77.0401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 77.2801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 77.5201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 77.7601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 78.0001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 78.2401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 78.4801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 78.7201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 78.9601
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 79.2001
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 79.4401
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 79.6801
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 79.9201
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80.64
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80.88
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 81.12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 18950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 81.36
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 81.6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 81.84
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 82.08
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 82.32
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 82.56
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 82.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 83.04
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 83.28
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 83.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 83.76
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 84
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 84.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 84.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 84.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 84.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 85.2
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 85.44
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 85.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 85.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 19950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 86.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 86.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 0
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 20950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 21950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 22950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 23950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 24950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 25950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 26950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 27950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 28950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 29950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 30950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 31950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 32950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 33950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 34950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 35950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 36950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 37950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 38950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 39950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 40950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 41950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 42950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 43950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 44950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 80
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 80.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 81.2
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 81.44
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 81.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 81.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 82.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 82.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 82.64
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 82.88
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 83.12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 83.36
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 83.6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 83.84
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 84.08
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 84.32
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 45950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 84.56
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 84.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Upward7
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 84.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 85.04
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 85.28
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 85.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 85.7599
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 85.9999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 86.2399
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 86.4799
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 86.7199
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 86.9599
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 87.1999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 87.4399
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 87.6799
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 87.9199
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 88.1599
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 88.3999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 88.6399
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 88.8799
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 89.1199
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 46950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 89.3599
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 89.5999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 89.8399
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 47950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 48950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 49950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 50950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 51950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 52950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 53950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 54950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 55950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 56950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 57950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 58950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 59950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90.492
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90.984
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 91.476
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 91.968
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 92.46
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 92.952
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 93.444
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 93.936
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 94.428
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 94.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 95.412
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 95.904
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 96.396
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 96.888
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 97.38
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 97.8719
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 98.3639
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 98.8559
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 60950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 99.3479
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 99.8399
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 100.332
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 100.824
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 101.316
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 101.808
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 102.3
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 102.792
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 103.284
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 103.776
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 104.268
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 104.76
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 105.252
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 105.744
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 106.236
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 106.728
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 107.22
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 107.712
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 108.204
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 108.696
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 61950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 109.188
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 109.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 110.172
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 110.664
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 111.156
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 111.648
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 112.14
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 112.632
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 113.124
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 113.616
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 114.108
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 114.6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 115.092
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 115.584
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 116.076
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 116.568
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 117.06
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 117.552
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 118.044
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 118.536
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 62950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 119.028
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 119.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 41
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 119.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 63950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 64950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 65950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 66950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 67950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 68950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 69950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 70950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 71950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 72950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 73950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 74950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 75950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 76950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 77950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 78950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 79950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 80950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 81950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 82950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 83950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 84950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 85950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 86950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 87950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 88950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 89950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 1
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90.24
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90.48
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90.72
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 90.96
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 91.2
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 91.44
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 91.68
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 91.92
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 92.16
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 92.4
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 92.64
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 92.88
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 93.12
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 93.36
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 93.6
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 93.84
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 94.08
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 94.32
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 90950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 94.56
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 94.8
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91050000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 95.04
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91100000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 95.28
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91150000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 95.52
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91200000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 95.7599
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91250000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 95.9999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91300000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 96.2399
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91350000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 96.4799
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91400000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 96.7199
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91450000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 96.9599
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91500000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 97.1999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91550000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 97.4399
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91600000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 97.6799
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91650000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 97.9199
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91700000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 98.1599
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91750000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 98.3999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91800000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 98.6399
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91850000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 98.8799
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91900000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 99.1199
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 91950000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 99.3599
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0


simulation time: 92000000000
keyState: KeyInIgnitionOnPosition
engineOn: 1
currentSpeed: 99.5999
allDoorsClosed: 1
daytimeLights: 0
ambientLight: 0
lightRotarySwitch: Off
pitmanArmForthBack: Neutral
pitmanArmUpDown: Neutral
hazardWarningSwitchOn: 0
darknessModeSwitchOn: 0
brightnessSensor: 0
reverseGear: 0
voltageBattery: 135
steeringAngle: 512
oncommingTraffic: 0
cameraState: readyCamera
driverPosition: 0
armoredVehicle: 0
marketCode: 3


gasPedal: 20
brakePedal: 0
SCSLever: Neutral
safetyDistance: 2.5
speedLimiterSwitchOn: 0
rangeRadarState: readySensor
rangeRadarSensor: 0
cruiseControlMode: 1
trafficSignDetectionOn: 0
desired speed: 90
acousticSignal: 0
speedMode: 2
emergency brake level: 0


brakeLight: 0
blinkLeft: 0
blinkRight: 0
lowBeamLeft: 0
lowBeamRight: 0
tailLampLeft: 0
tailLampRight: 0
highBeamOn: 0
highBeamRange: 0
highBeamMotor: 0
corneringLightLeft: 0
corneringLightRight: 0
reverseLight: 0
